# Návrh projektu  
**Predmet:** Neurónové siete
**Autori:** Andrej Gáfrik, Martin Grega
**Téma:** Detekcia urážok v komentároch v anglickom jazyku

## Motivácia
V posledných rokoch bol zaznamenaný vysoký nárast frekvencie výskytu urážlivých komentárov na webových stránkach. Zodpovedná zaň je najmä mladšia generácia používateľov. Saturácia komentárov urážlivými vyjadreniami má za následok zníženie dôveryhodnosti danej stránky, poprípade aj značný úbytok jej návštevníkov, nehovoriac o tom, že je pozitívnym faktorom v náraste extrémizmu v súčasnej spoločnosti. Tento jav má nemalé následky, preto je žiadané vytvorenie určitého systému moderácie používateľských prejavov v komentároch.  Množstvo používateľmi generovaného obsahu je ale príliš veľké na to, aby bolo možné ho manuálne filtrovať, preto sa ponúka možnosť oprieť sa o existujúci výskum v doméne umelej inteligencie, ktorá sa v poslednej dobe výrazne zaoberá oblasťou spracovávania prirodzených jazykov pomocou neurónových sietí. Ako prvý krok je nevyhnutné zadefinovať a implementovať model, ktorého úlohou bude efektívna detekcia urážlivého obsahu v poskytnutých dátach.

~~Usage of unwanted words or cyberbullying has been increased on cyber platforms by the young community. It is increasing day by day due to actively participation on social media . Users are increasing in an exponential manner and their time devotion is also increasing in the same manner. They are free to say anything on these platform without any rules and regulation. It affects the accessibility of other people for these cyber or social platform. Analyzing these comments which contain cyberbullying words may help to limiting these content on these platform so that a healthy discussion can take place for which these community platform is developed. The abundance of public discussion spaces on the Internet has in many ways changed how we communicate with others. Whether it is a comments section for a controversial news article or a forum for discussing a particular video game, these online spaces allow us to easily share our own opinions and findings, as well as hear about the thoughts of others. Though these discussions can often be productive, the relative anonymity that comes with hiding behind a username has allowed people to post insulting or inappropriate comments. These posts can often create a hostile or uncomfortable environment for other users, one that may even discourage them from visiting the site. This problem is a serious one that website owners commonly face. In earlier year cyberbullying was not taken seriously and it was ignored. The reason was low participation of users and it was suggest to screen off or disconnect if you get some kind og bullying comments. But now the scenario is totally changed. In 2017, Half population on social platform is using these comment and these can not be ignored. Major Social platform like, Twitter and Facebook also facing this major problem. Many legal cases has been filed due to these abused word used against and individual and a community. The ambition of this research work is to explore the possibilities of developing a prototype that can automatically detect cyberbullying on social media. This work extends current research on cyberbullying and online harassment detection.~~
## Súvisiace práce v danej oblasti
lorem ipsum
